---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-05-05T17:49:51.547Z'
dateModified: '2016-05-05T17:49:38.660Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
starred: false
sourcePath: _posts/2016-05-05-b2ad2614-9826-4f56-94b5-f4e4fb4f808b.md
url: b2ad2614-9826-4f56-94b5-f4e4fb4f808b/index.html
_type: Article

---
Your only task to master is to make sure you feel good. To take good care of yourself. To have an open ear and an open heart. When you are happy all people around you automatically will feel better, too. You cannot help, save or change anyone -- and most important, it is not your duty. 

_You are your duty._

I love myself. I am willing to treat myself in a loving way. I understand what I need and I provide it for myself. I thank myself for everything I do, because I am aware that I always do the best I can. I recognize my wishes and needs. I am patient with myself. I forgive myself everything that I think needs forgiveness. I am proud of all my steps I have taken so far. I open myself to new insights so I can grow. I discover safety within me, I pay attention to myself. I dare to live my potential fully, because that is what I am here for. Everything in my life is perfectly designed. I have everything I need. I flow with myself and everything that is. I love myself and I wish for my best.

By taking good care of myself and thinking loving thoughts I set everyone around me free to be as they want to be. There is no need to please me as it is my duty to please myself. I choose to express my being in an authentic way. I realize this is the only way to live a peaceful and harmonious life as it is the only state were body, mind and spirit form a unity. Everything can heal under those circumstances. 

**The healing energy is with you.**